Update Ruby doc for latest 3.1 version (#2299)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/ruby/common/configuration/options.mdx

If the async callback raises an exception, Raven will attempt to send synchronously.

`backtrace_cleanup_callback`

> : In case you want to clean up exceptions' backtrace before it's sent to Sentry, you can specify a callback with `backtrace_cleanup_callback` to do that. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: If you want to clean up exceptions' backtrace before it's sent to Sentry, you can specify a callback with `backtrace_cleanup_callback` to do that. For example:
```

```ruby
config.backtrace_cleanup_callback = lambda do |backtrace|
  Rails.backtrace_cleaner.clean(backtrace)
end
```

`breadcrumbs_logger`

> : Sentry supports 2 breadcrumbs loggers in the Ruby SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Sentry supports two breadcrumbs loggers in the Ruby SDK:
```

- `SentryLogger` - A general breadcrumbs logger for all Ruby applications.

> - `ActiveSupportLogger` - Built on top of Rails ActiveSupport's instrumentation and provide many Rails-specific information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ActiveSupportLogger` - Built on top of Rails ActiveSupport's instrumentation and provides many Rails-specific information.
```
